#--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
~ARTIST Nas
~TITLE Destroy & Rebuild
#--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


[Intro]
This is a journey
Into the world's most largest and notorious projects, Queensbridge
Listen while Nas saves his hood from the most cowardest rappers

[Verse 1]
He held a mass appeal and a little boy smile
Depressed has a complex his mouth was foul
You need to stay around I feel like tellin' some stories
First there's this arrogant fuck, his name's Cory
Hung around my man's Lakey and Big Trevor
Trevor's still locked up, Lake's gettin' his cheddar
Corey changed his name to ahh, whatever
Cornchip, Buckwheat look-a-like, it's Mega
Right, Mega was his name, sorry about that
But it's so hard to put a cowards name in my rap
Always actin' tough, a jokester be frontin'
He got snuffed, he got shot in the thigh, he did nothin'
But that's Nas always looking out for bredren
Cause when bredren don't return love it don't stress him
Cause gangsta's do gangsta shit, real recognize real
Still laughin' to the bank and shit
Back to Cor', got him a deal but his rhymes was wack
Def Jam mad that he signed the contract
Now he got jealous and mad at my shine
Making silly tapes, I'm always on his mind
Nonsense, not to be obnoxious kid
Mega for the record you could suck my dick
Bitch, you from around the way it's sad what this do to me
But Queensbridge, we gotta have unity

[Refrain x2]
They say the bridge is over, the bridge is over
Nah this is a time we destroy and rebuild it
They say, the bridge is over, the bridge is over
Nah we the strongest hood but weak niggas kill it
So they say, the bridge is over, the bridge is over

[Verse 2]
Since we on the subject of traders and flunkies
Mega ain't the only faggot in my hood, dummies
There's plenty that wanna be me but cannot
Its like King Arthur and Knight Sir Lancelot
Lefty and Donnie Brasco, Gotti and Paul
Before I woulda told you Prodigy's my dog
Through the ups and downs, robberies and all
Though I always knew he wanted my downfall
He would say his little slick shit and act real funny
For what, nigga? Your button ain't gotten back to me
Askin' a Braveheart to get back your jewelry
You ain't from my hood, don't even rep Q.B
Nature moved to Marcy, man dick ridin' Nature, nothin' else to say
Man Nature moved to Marcy, backwards ass niggas
Man fuck them niggas go head with the progam man proceed
Old lady pocketbook snatcher, car thief
Of course we ain't friends, you never stood on no blocks
Streets or corners with zombies, ghouls and gangstas
Cops, drug dealers with pools of blood anger
Just fills me when niggas let out of town to set shot
And get filthy rich, its just not
No more morals, no loyalty, no more community
Queensbridge, we gotta have unity

[Refrain]

[Verse 3]
I put the name on the map after Marley and Shan
Q.B. before the ROC had one jam
Before the Death Row and Bad Boy beef
Had streets locked with raw talent, I laugh at the weak
So this about cleanin' up house, my own backyard
Famous home of rap stars well known be getting robbed
P how many times ain't you shamed that
Jungle was bustin' his gun to get your weak chain back
They dont respect you a checks due for me for your fame
Mega I hope you blow so I'm saying your name
Hoes play your position cause you'll never be King
Even Jigga want the crown: "How that sound?" Poor thing!
I'm representin' Queensbridge U.S.A
Where two SK's go off every day ruthless-lay
All you little roaches and rats
Besides my man Ricky, Nas the true ruler is back
So haters say

[Refrain]

[Nas talking]
"The Bridge is over," my dick!
The Bridge'll never be over, long as I'm alive and breathin'!
Braveheart to the graveyard!
I'm the William Wallace of this shit
Ayo P, Prodigy I got love for you man, I love you man
You know what I'm sayin'?
Just get them unloyal niggas from out your circle!
You can't save everybody!
Niggas invited you to the hood - rep it right my nigga!
Be untouchable, my nigga, so it be Mobb for life for real, and that's real!
Ayo Nature, I can't hold your hand through this shit man!
I'm not your father, man!
Be your own man, stand on your own two!
I believe in you, believe in yourself, nigga, or dont even rep this, man!
Ayo Mega you wanna be a gangsta?
There's real gangsta shit going on in the streets man!
Yo niggas is in the grind! Where you be at man?
Niggas be buckin'! Why you never buckin'? Where you be at, man?
All of a sudden you the motherfuckin' Nino Brown of the fuckin' hood?
Its disgusting, man!
Stay out the magazines! Keep my name out your motherfuckin' mouth!
Theres no more room for jealousy, we destroyin' and rebuildin':
That means the cowards get out and real niggas stay!
Niggas been hating me since I been nine
Shining with suede motherfucking Bally's on and silks
I'mma always be the young don
Don't be like the niggas on the other side:
Hating me cause I'm beautiful! Real niggas in Queensbridge:
You niggas come up and get this money and move on baby!
Q.B

