#--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
~ARTIST Nas
~TITLE What Goes Around
#--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


[Produced by Salaam]

[Hook]
Ayo, it's poison; ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison
Doctors injecting our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison
Niggas up in my hood be getting shot, given poison

[Verse 1]
In hospitals, shots riddle the block
Little children and elderly women run for they lives
Drizzlin' rain come out the sky every time somebody dies
Must be out my fuckin' mind
What is this, the hundredth time?!
Sending flowers to funerals, reading "Rest in peace."
You know, the usual, death comes in threes
"Life is short" is what some nigga said
Not if you measure life by how one lives and what he did
And funny how these black-killer companies
Is makin' money off us
Fast food, Cola, soda, Skull and Bone crosses; it's all poison

[Hook 2]
Ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison
Doctors injecting our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison
Sisters up in my hood try to do good given choices

[Verse 2]
When pregnant, drop out of school, or have abortions
Stop workin', hopin' that they find a man that will support 'em
Up late night, on they mother's cordless
Thinkin' a perm or bleachin' cream
Will make them better, when they're gorgeous
White girls tanning, liposuction
Fake titties are implanted, fake lips, that's life destruction
Light-skinned women, bi-racial, hateful toward themselves
Denying even their blood
I don't judge Tiger Woods, but I overstand the mental poison
That's even worser than drugs, yo, it's poison

[Hook 3]
Ecstasy, coke, you say it's love, it is poison
Schools where I learned, they should be burned, it is poison
Physicians prescriptin' us medicine which is poison
Doctors injecting our infants with the poison
Religion misoverstood is poison
Radio and TV poison, white Jesus poison
And any thoughts of taking me down is poison
Who want beef now? My heat shall anoint them, plaow!

[Interlude]
Never to worry, all the wrong-doers got it coming back to 'em a thousand times over. Every dog has its day, and everything flips around. Even the most greatest nation in the world has it coming back to 'em. Everybody reaps what they sews, that's how it goes. Innocent lives will be taken. It may get worse, but we'll get through it, y'all, be strong!

[Verse 3]
The China-men built the railroad, the Indians saved the Pilgrim
And in return the Pilgrim killed 'em
They call it Thanksgiving, I call your holiday "hell-day"
‘Cause I'm from poverty, neglected by the wealthy
Me and my niggas share gifts, everyday like Christmas
Slay bitches, and party everyday like this is the last
I'm with my heckles, connectin' and we hittin' the lab
This is my level, fuck if it get you mad

[Hook 4]
It's all poison, all of my words to enemies, it is poison
Rappers only talk about ki's, it's all poison
How could you call yourself MC's? You ain't poison
Think about the kids you mislead, with the poison
And any thoughts of taking me down is all poison
Who want beef now? My heat shall anoint them, plaow!

[Bridge]
What goes around comes around, my nigga
And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga
Just hold it down, we older now, my nigga

[Verse 4]
This nigga Ike with the Iverson jersey
Light-skinned with herpes
Fuckin' sisters in Harlem, Brooklyn and D.C
This is the problem, ‘cause he never tell 'em he got it
From lettin' fags suck him off, Rikers Island in '93
Drives a Benz, hangs at all the parties, all the concerts
Backstage where the stars be
Rocking they shirts in bitches faces like clockwork
What's your name? Where you from?
Chain blingin', thinkin' girls everywhere is dumb
Taking pride in ruining their lives
So they could never have babies and they could never be wives
He never used a condom. Give him head? He got ya
Met the wrong bitch and now he dead from the monster AIDS
I contemplate, believin' in karma
Those on top could just break and won't be eatin' tomorrow
I know some bitches
Who be sleepin' on a nigga's dreams, they leave
When that nigga blow, she the first bitch on her knees
Knowing dudes that's neglecting their seeds
Instead of taking care of 'em, they're spendin' money on trees
I pray for you, deadbeat daddies
‘Cause when them kids get grown it's too late for you
Now you old and you getting shitted on
It's all scientific, mystic, you know, the Earth and the stars
Don't hesitate to say you heard it from Nas
What is destined shall be
George Bush-killer 'til George Bush kills me
Much blessings, be healthy; remember…

[Bridge]
What goes around comes around, my nigga
And what goes up, it must come down, my nigga
The soldiers found below the ground, my nigga
Just hold it down, we older now, my nigga

